Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add linguini pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.;Meanwhile, place chicken and Cajun seasoning in a bowl, and toss to coat.;In a large skillet over medium heat, saute chicken in butter until no longer pink and juices run clear, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add green and red bell peppers, sliced mushrooms and green onions; cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat, and stir in heavy cream. Season the sauce with basil, lemon pepper, salt, garlic powder and ground black pepper, and heat through.;In a large bowl, toss linguini with sauce. Sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover completely with cold water. Bring water to a boil. Cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop.;Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside.;Divide shredded lettuce among individual plates.;Evenly divide and arrange chicken, eggs, tomatoes, blue cheese, bacon, avocado and green onions in a row on top of the lettuce.;Drizzle with your favorite dressing and enjoy.
Bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.;Whisk olive oil, lime juice, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl.;Combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions together in a bowl. Pour dressing over quinoa mixture: toss to coat. Stir in cilantro: season with salt and black pepper. Serve immediately or chill in refrigerator.
Season salmon fillets with lemon pepper, garlic powder, and salt.;In a small bowl, stir together soy sauce, brown sugar, water, and vegetable oil until sugar is dissolved. Place fish in a large resealable plastic bag with the soy sauce mixture, seal, and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.;Preheat grill for medium heat.;Lightly oil grill grate. Place salmon on the preheated grill, and discard marinade. Cook salmon for 6 to 8 minutes per side, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork.
Pizza;Pizza;Pizza;Pizza
